README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

seperated project into multiple versions

README.md, after:

# Portfolio Repo

Hey there! This repo’s got all the versions of my portfolio as I’ve worked on and improved it over time.

## What’s Inside

- **v1/**, **v2/**, **v3/**, etc.: Each folder is a snapshot of my portfolio at a certain stage. Newer ones are shinier and better, of course.

## Latest Version

- Check out the current portfolio here: [nathanielquansah.com](https://nathanielquansah.com)
- Want to see older ones? They’re on subdomains like:
  - [v1.nathanielquansah.com](https://v1.nathanielquansah.com)
  - [v2.nathanielquansah.com](https://v2.nathanielquansah.com)

## How to Use

1. Clone this repo:
   ```bash
   git clone <repository_url>
   ```

2. Jump into the version you’re interested in:
   ```bash
   cd v1   # or v2, v3, etc.
   ```

3. Check the README in that folder for setup instructions (if there’s one).

## A Few Notes
- Every version shows how my skills and ideas have grown over time.
- Feel free to poke around and hit me up with feedback or ideas for future versions or updates!
